oh the daily vlog so I daily vlog for
almost a year probably a year ago when
it was the cool hip and happening thing
but I discovered that it wasn't for me
it killed me it wasn't the type of stuff
that I'd like to create I like to take
time on some of my videos and so the
past year under a year when I've been
posting about two videos a week
it's allowed me to also start a podcast
new episode every single Monday link in
the description and that has been super
fulfilling and I love the videos I've
been posting and it's been fantastic but
guess what guys the daily vlog is back
just for this week the new video every
single day five days in a row
smash that sub button smash that
notification bail one of my favorite
things in this world is creative spaces
and process the creative process so me
building out my dream studio in New York
City yeah that deserves a series that
deserves lots of videos
[Music]
I've got to make sure that YouTube comes
down to take this I got a present for
you a present for you where is it
Pichu Mert oh thanks bro link not in
description because sold out sorry and
yesterday's video we announced that jon
is leaving me he has his own office I am
taking over the current office it is all
mine but guess what I got you a present
hey keep covering so excited about this
because we are going to be apart for
four more time each day but we're still
gonna be in the same office building I
guess we need to stay in touch walkie
talkie
[Applause]
[Music]
Roger Roger Clarence Clarence
Roger Laguna Styx I was just saying
Laguna Styx Roger over and out I am
definitely down for that we should make
house
gray wall painted yellow wall painted
over with white yes but let's take a
moment to just look at how messy it is
in here you know
yeah but the first order of business is
you see the peach right there that's my
neon peach nine units there Adichie
ranks with peachy so there's some peachy
Flair up in here but I thought it would
make more sense to put the peach against
a darker whoa
because when it's Y it just reflects
everywhere
[Music]
it looks so much better against the gray
wall of Hosts or white wall and I'm
gonna try to figure out my lighting
situation because usually when people
come here they want to take a picture
with the peach but it's just it's still
a little bit too bright so yeah I'm
gonna figure out the lighting that'll be
later but you haven't seen the video yet
check it out I showed the entire process
of that being made from my friends at
let there be neon so there's this epic
neon shop only a block away from the
office so it's fun to have my own little
like neon shop you know just in the
neighborhood although it's not a little
and they're very serious and oh my gosh
the stuff that they make Wow
[Music]
look who's here
are you guys ready I like it I do yes
you're finding Gators these are the only
clean container like clean looking
containers that aren't clear
I don't want clear we're going with
these so all of these to 18 to 20 to 50
I said 350 because I always feel like
this is way more expensive than it needs
to be famous youtubers shopping at like
she store at the time chart like 5k and
air
like dropping two hundo and potato
starch
oh my gosh I'm shocked she's literally a
dollar okay
well Sarah is the one who gets the free
Slurpee Cody you're gonna pay me
oh whoa
it's okay so yeah totally said total we
said total I win fam in my prize is you
get to subscribe subscribe Cody's
channel right now no intruders think of
coming in here because
[Laughter]
don't come in here
[Music]
[Applause]
oh my gosh I have updates for you guys
to be honest the first two episodes has
actually spanned a solid three weeks
because things like oh I don't know this
one shade that just wouldn't go up into
the wall guess what we figured out well
Cody figure it out so the final updates
so we have a little camera station over
here we're gonna do the whole KC nice
that inspired on the wall have a lot of
chargers on there this okay so you guys
know that I have this thing to store my
office supplies well I just had to get
another one for over here to maximize my
hammer organization this stuff is
actually gonna change because guess what
the new booster boards they have a
straight side so these are things they
don't work very well
you got my beautiful moped oh my gosh
have you guys watched that video watch
it we have the beautiful seamless rolls
lots of seamless rolls just for easy
backdrops and then we have the
organization over here we did it what an
episode lots of organization kicking
things off the office is starting to
actually look clean ish but next episode
tomorrow literally it's coming out
tomorrow stay tuned because I'm
basically daily vlogging now just for
this week then the next episode I am
building the ultimate desk the mega desk
you'll see what that's about later um
and I have some furniture coming I'm
actually gonna have a chill zone this
office needs to chill zone for people to
come sit down hang out but guys make
sure to let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
check out the most recent podcast that
is linked as well until next time guys
stay peachy okay bye
[Music]